Sohrab Azami Ghadim
Drottning Kristinas Esplanad 65, Lgh 1406, 170 67 Solna

EngineersOnly, Ekelundsgatan 5, 41118 Göteborg

Dear Goce Kostovski,
I am interested in Software Developer position which is posted on the internet. Since I have Master’s Degree in Computer Science and Engineering and Master’s Degree in Biomedical Engineering (Image Processing and Reconstruction). I have also a Bachelor’s Degree in Electronics Engineering, besides I have hands-on experience in software engineering I am confident to perform very well in this job. Please refer to my resume for detailed information. 
I have hands-on experience in full cycle software development using: Object Oriented Architecture Design, development languages such as C++ and C#, technologies such as COM/DCOM, ATL, and OLE. My Biomedical Engineering thesis is application of VoIP in Distributed Medical System over WAN and LAN using multi-threading design scheme in multi-core platform. 
I have hands-on experience in multi-threading in multi-core platforms to build energy efficient and green solutions. I used tools such as Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft’s SQL Server, Access, OLEDB, and Intersolv Inc.’s Q+E database connectivity. 
I have work experience in both front-end and back-end applications. I have used MFC, Windows API, COM, ATL, OLE, LabVIEW, and third-party tools to build Graphics User Interface which connects to back-end data warehouse to retrieve data for presentation. I have used SQL Server, Access, LINQ, Entity Framework, ODBC, and Intersolv’s Q+E for back-end applications. 
I am knowledgeable about distributed database architecture using COM/DCOM and CORBA/JAVA, that is, architecture to build n-tier client/server application. I have developed Xamarin application which is a three-tier client/server has capability to be uploaded to the cloud. 
Furthermore, my hands-on experience in real-time applications, that is, using rs232 serial port to retrieve real-time data from external hardware over networks and present it in front-end Application. 
I appreciate your attention and cooperation about this matter and I am looking forward to hearing from you.
 Best regards, Sohrab Azami, Email: azamighadim2@gmail.com, Mobile: +46790467910
this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.this is some text for you stream.txt file put it at the end of your file.This is another piece of text that i add to the end of the file again.